docs(uib): configure healthcheck in production (#2824)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/ui-builder-docker-installation.adoc

- `BONITA_API_URL`: The URL for the Bonita API.

The following environment variables are optional:

> - `BONITA_HEALTHCHECK_USER`: Defines the username to request the Bonita healthcheck API (default: `monitoring`).

Reviewer: The layout is broken :scream:  Add an empty line before the 1st element of the list

Reviewer 2: good catch 👍

> - `BONITA_HEALTHCHECK_USER`: Defines a custom username (default: `monitoring`).
> - `BONITA_HEALTHCHECK_PASSWORD`: Defines a custom password (default: `mon1tor1ng_adm1n`).

Reviewer: It is a bit obvious with the names of those variables but this description is more accurate I guess:
```suggestion
- `BONITA_HEALTHCHECK_USER`: Defines the username to request the Bonita healthcheck API (default: `monitoring`).
- `BONITA_HEALTHCHECK_PASSWORD`: Defines the password to request the Bonita healthcheck API (default: `mon1tor1ng_adm1n`).
```
